# OUT OF DATE
# Taskpiea

# DESIGN NOTES
- a notepad style task tracker, just with super powers. functional, not bloated.
- lets users create tasks up front and also syncs with comments in codebase
- can link users to tasks with @ (treat them as assignee or whatever)
- auto generates task IDs upon entering a new task
- scans for todo in the code base (like vs code extension) and syncs them here
- gives todos a unique ID
- click a todo to jump to the code
	- think about this more. Maybe all items can be put in code?
	- for example, what if the user liked this tool but instead of putting a todo in the code they want to do // BUG: or // TASK: or similar. An interesting though. One to consider later.
- extension would be .taskp (Taskpiea)
- will have a dedicated app, as well as editor extensions
- will assume user uses git or another version control solution for syncing changes
	- note, this might be an issue. Specially the auto generated sections like TODOs. Need to think of how to handle this.
	- perhaps TODOS and BUGS should be their own file? Like Tasks.taskp, TODO.taskp, Bugs.taskp. Then TODO.taskp and such could be put in git ignore?
	- Would need to do tests, but I have a feeling there always be a fight for conflicts.
	- Maybe you can do something like.. disable TODOS by deleting the section or putting [DISABLED] below it. So that way it can be disabled. And then every taskp file is the same as any other taskp file. And the user can split things up if they want.

# EXAMPLE TASKP FILE
** these are just comments so I can design it. They would **
** not actually exist in the taskp file. Ignore them. **

[TASKS]
** a bullet point list of tasks **
** @name is the assignee and can be typed anywhere in the task **
** [#ABCDEF] is the autogenerated unique ID **
- My Task 1 @jmayer @royalpizza [#DF87C]
	- some details about the task if needed
	- anything that is a nested list item is like "descriptions"
	- maybe they could also be "comments"
	- these should not be overused though, but that is up to the user
- My Task 2

[TODOS]
** this section would sync with todo's in the code **
** syncs with codebase (excludes listed below) **
** user updates will be overwritten next scan **
** [#ABCDEF] is the autogenerated unique ID **
- Fix this here by adding a round... [#LKJD9]
- Users should not be accessed like... [#ZSD88]

[BUGS]
** unsure about this section **
** ignore this section for now **

[USERS]
** the users capable of asigning tasks to **
** each newline is a new item to user **
royalpizza
psyaru
yotes
jmayer
repcom

[EXCLUDE]
** a list of files and directories to exclude **
** like 'thirdparty' so you do not get their todos **
** each newline is a new item to exclude **
thirdparty
windows.h
*.cs

[THEME]
** a list of settings for colors and such **
** this is the only section that is kvp style **
TASKS_COLOR: #00AA00
TASK_ID_COLOR: #PPPPPP
TASK_DESCRIPTIONS_COLOR: #AAAAAA
TODO_COLOR: #YYYYYY
USERS_COLOR: #FFFFFF ** for the table and the @ symbol **
EXCLUDES_COLOR: #GGGGGG